Update Acceptable/Deprecating/Forks/Versions docs (#16606)
Homebrew/brew: docs/Acceptable-Casks.md

Note that none of these exceptions is a guarantee for inclusion, but examples of situations where we may take a second look.

## Not a fork (usually)

We will not add new casks using forks unless at least one of the following is true:

> * the fork has been "blessed" (i.e. pointed to by the original source repository and noted as the official successor)

Author: Agreed that this is too specific. We also want the original author to be able to point this out on e.g. Twitter, a GitHub comment, etc.

> * the fork has been "blessed" (i.e. pointed to by the original source repository and noted as the official successor)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* the original project team designated the fork as the official successor in an announcement
```
How about this?

> * the fork has been "blessed" (i.e. pointed to by the original source repository and noted as the official successor)

Reviewer 2: I'm fine with this. Alternatively, "in a publicly verifiable way" would work and encompass comments in Issues/PR's, etc.

> * the fork has been "blessed" (i.e. pointed to by the original source repository and noted as the official successor)

Author: I like "publicly verifiable".

> * the fork has been used as the replacement by at least two other major distributions (e.g. Ubuntu, Debian, not Some Random Linux Distro Nobody Uses)

Author: Can someone suggest a specific distro here and I'll change accordingly.

> * the fork has been used as the replacement by at least two other major distributions (e.g. Ubuntu, Debian, not Some Random Linux Distro Nobody Uses)

Author: Fedora?

> * the fork has been used as the replacement by at least two other major distributions (e.g. Ubuntu, Debian, not Some Random Linux Distro Nobody Uses)

Author: ```suggestion
* the fork has been used as the replacement by at least two other major distributions (e.g. Ubuntu, Fedora, Arch Linux, not Some Random Linux Distro Nobody Uses)
```

> * the fork has been used as the replacement by at least two other major distributions (e.g. Ubuntu, Debian, not Some Random Linux Distro Nobody Uses)

Reviewer 2: Perfect.

> * the fork has been used as the replacement by at least two other major distributions (e.g. Ubuntu, Fedora, Arch Linux, not Some Random Linux Distro Nobody Uses)

Reviewer: Nix, Alma Linux and Slackware won't like that

> * the fork has been used as the replacement by at least two other major distributions (e.g. Ubuntu, Fedora, Arch Linux, not Some Random Linux Distro Nobody Uses)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* in at least two other major package distributors, the fork has replaced the original project.
  We consider Linux distributions Debian, Ubuntu, Fedora, Rocky, Alpine, Nix, Alma, Slackware, and Arch for this criterion.
```

Now With More Distros™

> * the fork has been used as the replacement by at least two other major distributions (e.g. Ubuntu, Fedora, Arch Linux, not Some Random Linux Distro Nobody Uses)

Reviewer 4: ~~But where's Gentoo?~~

It's hard to define which package distributors are "major" ones, and which are not. Listing all distros sounds a bit overkill, so I'd prefer the original language as it allows some flexibility.

> * the fork has been used as the replacement by at least two other major distributions (e.g. Ubuntu, Fedora, Arch Linux, not Some Random Linux Distro Nobody Uses)

Reviewer 5: I think in then it would defer back to the original base to suggest using the fork as the replacement.

> * the fork has been used as the replacement by at least two other major distributions (e.g. Ubuntu, Fedora, Arch Linux, not Some Random Linux Distro Nobody Uses)

Reviewer 6: Many Casks are proprietary software that don't necessarily have forks or alternative providers, though.

> * the fork has been used as the replacement by at least two other major distributions (e.g. Ubuntu, Fedora, Arch Linux, not Some Random Linux Distro Nobody Uses)

Reviewer 5: This part of the docs is specifically talking about forks replacing the original base though.

> * the fork has been used as the replacement by at least two other major distributions (e.g. Ubuntu, Fedora, Arch Linux, not Some Random Linux Distro Nobody Uses)

Reviewer 7: In context, it sounds like this applies to *all* forks submitted for inclusion, not just ones that aim to replace the original.

> * the fork has been used as the replacement by at least two other major distributions (e.g. Ubuntu, Fedora, Arch Linux, not Some Random Linux Distro Nobody Uses)

Author: 👎🏻 on this change. I don't want to have a comprehensive list.

> I'm not sure this would work for a macOS-only cask.

It doesn't have to. I don't think there's much of an alternative in that case so we don't allow replacements due to forks.

> In context, it sounds like this applies to _all_ forks submitted for inclusion

This does apply, yes, so things should be named accordingly.

> * the fork has been used as the replacement by at least two other major distributions (e.g. Ubuntu, Fedora, Arch Linux, not Some Random Linux Distro Nobody Uses)

Reviewer 2: Agreed with not needing a comprehensive list. Let's put down a couple of the obviously huge ones, throw an "etc." in there and call it good.

> * the fork has been used as the replacement by at least two other major distributions (e.g. Ubuntu, Fedora, Arch Linux, not Some Random Linux Distro Nobody Uses)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* in at least two other major package distributors, the fork has replaced the original project.
  Consider foundational Linux distributions such as Debian, Fedora, and Arch for this criterion.
```

I feel like this is a compromise.

```suggestion
* the fork was chosen in place of the original project in at least two other major, foundational Linux distributions, e.g. Ubuntu, Fedora, and Arch.
```

This is closer to the original. I _really_ want to avoid the sentiment that "Some Random Linux Distro Nobody Uses" conveys. I think we can do that adequately with the word "foundational".

> * the fork has been used as the replacement by at least two other major distributions (e.g. Ubuntu, Fedora, Arch Linux, not Some Random Linux Distro Nobody Uses)

Reviewer 2: Yeah I'm good with this. "Some Random Linux Distro Nobody Uses" is just some classic @MikeMcQuaid documenting 😂

> * the fork has been used as the replacement by at least two other major distributions (e.g. Ubuntu, Fedora, Arch Linux, not Some Random Linux Distro Nobody Uses)

Author: > I think we can do that adequately with the word "foundational".

I'm fine with this being reworded but it's pretty clear what "Some Random Linux Distro Nobody Uses" and I have no idea what "foundational" means.

The fork must still meet all the other acceptable casks requirements (including those of e.g. popularity and self-submission).

> An alternative to the fork replacing the original cask is a new cask. For example, if `MikeMcQuaid` forked `google-chrome` and it was very popular: a `google-chrome-mikemcquaid` cask might make sense.

Reviewer 5: Fork name usually goes first `mikemcquaid-google-chrome`

Author: ```suggestion
An alternative to the fork replacing the original cask is a new cask. For example, if `MikeMcQuaid` forked `google-chrome` and it was very popular: a `mikemcquaid-google-chrome` cask might make sense.
```

> An alternative to the fork replacing the original cask is a new cask. For example, if `MikeMcQuaid` forked `google-chrome` and it was very popular: a `mikemcquaid-google-chrome` cask might make sense.

Author: Again: disagree with this as it's intentionally not meant to be prescriptive in a document that is mostly prescriptive.

> would it make more sense to use generic names for users and applications?

Not for forks.
